README.md, before:

[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/MSBivens/learn-web3-dao-first-dapp)](https://repl.it/github/MSBivens/learn-web3-dao-first-dapp)
# First dApp with Learn Web3 DAO
Created as part of the [Learn Web3 DAO](https://www.learnweb3.io/) Freshman Tack.

This code was written for Level 7: Create an Ethereum Dapp with Ethers.js

Tutorial found here [LearnWeb3 DAO - Build your first dApp!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqxAWLi6UMA)
Learn Web3 DAOs repo for this project is [here](https://github.com/LearnWeb3DAO/BasicFrontEndTutorial)

## Overview Info
Chain: Ethereum

Network: Ropsten

Languages: Solidity, JavaScript

Deployed to Ropsten at: 0xdE844613ecD39b611c785b5019C41DA4aF9D05e6

Ropsten Contract Link on Etherscan: https://ropsten.etherscan.io/address/0xdE844613ecD39b611c785b5019C41DA4aF9D05e6

## This tutorial covers:
- Creating a simple dApp
- Using Ethers.js

## Technology/Websites used:
- [Ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/)
- [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/)
- [Ropsten](https://github.com/ethereum/ropsten)
- [Replit](https://replit.com/)

Commit message:

Updated with what the dApp's function is

README.md, after:

[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/MSBivens/learn-web3-dao-first-dapp)](https://repl.it/github/MSBivens/learn-web3-dao-first-dapp)
# First dApp with Learn Web3 DAO
Created as part of the [Learn Web3 DAO](https://www.learnweb3.io/) Freshman Tack.

This code was written for Level 7: Create an Ethereum Dapp with Ethers.js

Tutorial found here [LearnWeb3 DAO - Build your first dApp!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqxAWLi6UMA)
Learn Web3 DAOs repo for this project is [here](https://github.com/LearnWeb3DAO/BasicFrontEndTutorial)

This dApp allows for setting a mood and for calling it to know what mood the setter is in.

## Overview Info
Chain: Ethereum

Network: Ropsten

Languages: Solidity, JavaScript

Deployed to Ropsten at: 0xdE844613ecD39b611c785b5019C41DA4aF9D05e6

Ropsten Contract Link on Etherscan: https://ropsten.etherscan.io/address/0xdE844613ecD39b611c785b5019C41DA4aF9D05e6

## This tutorial covers:
- Creating a simple dApp
- Using Ethers.js

## Technology/Websites used:
- [Ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/)
- [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/)
- [Ropsten](https://github.com/ethereum/ropsten)
- [Replit](https://replit.com/)
